---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_role_scope_tag Data Source - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about a Role Scope Tag in Microsoft Intune.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_role_scope_tag (Data Source)

Retrieves information about a Role Scope Tag in Microsoft Intune.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) The display or friendly name of the Role Scope Tag.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the Role Scope Tag.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `assignments` (Set of String) The list of group assignments for the Intune Role Scope Tag.
- `description` (String) Description of the Role Scope Tag.
- `is_built_in` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is a built-in Role Scope Tag. This property is read-only.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
