---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_device_management_script Data Source - microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about a device management script.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_device_management_script (Data Source)

Retrieves information about a device management script.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the device management script.

### Read-Only

- `assignments` (Attributes List) The assignments of the device management script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time the device management script was created.
- `description` (String) Description of the device management script.
- `display_name` (String) Name of the device management script.
- `enforce_signature_check` (Boolean) Indicate whether the script signature needs be checked.
- `file_name` (String) Script file name.
- `group_assignments` (Attributes List) The group assignments of the device management script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_assignments))
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date and time the device management script was last modified.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (List of String) List of Scope Tag IDs for this PowerShellScript instance.
- `run_as_32_bit` (Boolean) A value indicating whether the PowerShell script should run as 32-bit.
- `run_as_account` (String) Indicates the type of execution context.
- `script_content` (String, Sensitive) The script content.

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Key of the device management script assignment entity.
- `target` (Attributes) The target of the assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `device_and_app_management_assignment_filter_id` (String) The Id of the filter for the target assignment.
- `device_and_app_management_assignment_filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment.
- `entra_object_id` (String) The ID of the Azure Active Directory object.
- `target_type` (String) The target type of the assignment.



<a id="nestedatt--group_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_assignments`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Key of the device management script group assignment entity.
- `target_group_id` (String) The Id of the Azure Active Directory group we are targeting the script to.
