---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_windows_driver_update_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about a Windows Driver Update Profile in Microsoft Intune.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_windows_driver_update_profile (Data Source)

Retrieves information about a Windows Driver Update Profile in Microsoft Intune.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) The display name for the profile.
- `id` (String) The ID of the profile.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the profile which is specified by the user.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of Scope Tags for this Driver Update entity.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
