---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_windows_driver_update_inventory Data Source - microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about a Windows Driver Update Inventory in Microsoft Intune.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_windows_driver_update_inventory (Data Source)

Retrieves information about a Windows Driver Update Inventory in Microsoft Intune.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `windows_driver_update_profile_id` (String) The ID of the Windows Driver Update Profile this inventory belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the driver inventory.
- `name` (String) The name of the driver.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
