---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_linux_platform_script Data Source - microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information about an Intune Linux platform script using the 'configurationPolicies' Graph Beta API.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_linux_platform_script (Data Source)

Gets information about an Intune Linux platform script using the 'configurationPolicies' Graph Beta API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `assignments` (Attributes) The assignment configuration for this Windows Settings Catalog profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the linux platform script.
- `name` (String) Name of the linux device management script.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description for the linux device management script.
- `execution_context` (String) Execution context for the linux platform script. Can be one of: user or root.
- `execution_frequency` (String) Execution frequency for the Linux platform script. Can be one of: `15minutes`, `30minutes`, `1hour`, `2hour`, `3hour`, `6hour`, `12hour`, `1day`, or `1week`.
- `execution_retries` (String) Number of times the Linux platform script should be retried on failure. Can be one of: `1`, `2`, or `3`.
- `platforms` (String) Platform type for this linux platform script. Will always be 'linux'.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (List of String) List of scope tag IDs for this linux device management script.
- `script_content` (String) The linux script content. This will be base64 encoded as part of the request.
- `technologies` (List of String) Describes the technologies this settings catalog setting can be deployed with. Usually contains 'linuxMdm'.

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Optional:

- `all_devices` (Boolean) Specifies whether this assignment applies to all devices. When set to `true`, the assignment targets all devices in the organization.Can be used in conjuction with `all_devices_filter_type` or `all_devices_filter_id`.Can be used as an alternative to `include_groups`.Can be used in conjuction with `all_users` and `all_users_filter_type` or `all_users_filter_id`.
- `all_devices_filter_id` (String) The ID of the device group filter to apply when `all_devices` is set to `true`. This should be a valid GUID of an existing device group filter.
- `all_devices_filter_type` (String) The filter type for all devices assignment. Valid values are:
- `include`: Apply the assignment to devices that match the filter.
- `exclude`: Do not apply the assignment to devices that match the filter.
- `none`: No filter applied.
- `all_users` (Boolean) Specifies whether this assignment applies to all users. When set to `true`, the assignment targets all licensed users within the organization.Can be used in conjuction with `all_users_filter_type` or `all_users_filter_id`.Can be used as an alternative to `include_groups`.Can be used in conjuction with `all_devices` and `all_devices_filter_type` or `all_devices_filter_id`.
- `all_users_filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter to apply when `all_users` is set to `true`. This should be a valid GUID of an existing filter.
- `all_users_filter_type` (String) The filter type for all users assignment. Valid values are:
- `include`: Apply the assignment to users that match the filter.
- `exclude`: Do not apply the assignment to users that match the filter.
- `none`: No filter applied.
- `exclude_group_ids` (List of String) A list of group IDs to exclude from the assignment. These groups will not receive the assignment, even if they match other inclusion criteria.
- `include_groups` (Attributes Set) A set of entra id group Id's to include in the assignment. Each group can have its own filter type and filter ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--include_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--include_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.include_groups`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The entra ID group ID of the group to include in the assignment. This should be a valid GUID of an existing group.

Optional:

- `include_groups_filter_id` (String) The Entra ID Group ID of the filter to apply to the included group. This should be a valid GUID of an existing filter.
- `include_groups_filter_type` (String) The device group filter type for the included group. Valid values are:
- `include`: Apply the assignment to group members that match the filter.
- `exclude`: Do not apply the assignment to group members that match the filter.
- `none`: No filter applied.



<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
