---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_v1_device_and_app_management_ios_mobile_app_configuration Data Source - microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about iOS mobile app configurations in Microsoft Intune.
---

# microsoft365_graph_v1_device_and_app_management_ios_mobile_app_configuration (Data Source)

Retrieves information about iOS mobile app configurations in Microsoft Intune.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the iOS mobile app configuration.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the iOS mobile app configuration.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `assignments` (Block List) The list of assignments for this iOS mobile app configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assignments))
- `created_date_time` (String) DateTime the object was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the iOS mobile app configuration.
- `encoded_setting_xml` (String, Sensitive) Base64 encoded configuration XML.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) DateTime the object was last modified.
- `settings` (Block List) iOS app configuration settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings))
- `targeted_mobile_apps` (List of String) The list of targeted mobile app IDs.
- `version` (Number) Version of the device configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedblock--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Key of the entity.
- `target` (Block, Read-only) Target for the assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedblock--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.
- `odata_type` (String) The type of assignment target.



<a id="nestedblock--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Read-Only:

- `app_config_key` (String) The application configuration key.
- `app_config_key_type` (String) The application configuration key type.
- `app_config_key_value` (String) The application configuration key value.
