---
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_management_windows_quality_update_policy Resource - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: "Device Management"

description: |-
  Manages a Windows Quality Update Policy in Microsoft Intune. This correlates to the gui location: Devices -> Manage Updates -> Windows Updates -> Quality Updates.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_management_windows_quality_update_policy (Resource)

Manages a Windows Quality Update Policy in Microsoft Intune. This correlates to the gui location: Devices -> Manage Updates -> Windows Updates -> Quality Updates.

## Microsoft Documentation

- [windowsQualityUpdatePolicy resource type](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-softwareupdate-windowsqualityupdatepolicy?view=graph-rest-beta)
- [Create windowsQualityUpdatePolicy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/intune-softwareupdate-windowsqualityupdatepolicy-create?view=graph-rest-beta)

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.

### Microsoft Graph

- **Application**: `DeviceManagementConfiguration.ReadWrite.All`

## Version History

| Version | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|-------|
| v0.14.1-alpha | Experimental | Initial release |

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_management_windows_quality_update_policy" "quality_update_policy_example" {
  display_name       = "Windows Quality Update Policy"
  description        = "Monthly quality updates for Windows devices"
  hotpatch_enabled   = true
  role_scope_tag_ids = ["9", "8"]

  // Optional assignment blocks
  assignment {
    target = "include"
    group_ids = [
      "11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555",
      "11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555"
    ]
  }

  assignment {
    target = "exclude"
    group_ids = [
      "11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555",
      "11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555"
    ]
  }

  // Optional timeout block
  timeouts = {
    create = "30m"
    read   = "10m"
    update = "30m"
    delete = "10m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name for the policy.

### Optional

- `assignment` (Block List) Assignments for Windows Quality Update policies, specifying groups to include or exclude. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assignment))
- `description` (String) The description of the policy which is specified by the user. Max allowed length is 1500 chars.
- `hotpatch_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if hotpatch is enabled for the tenants. When 'true', tenant can apply quality updates without rebooting their devices. When 'false', tenant devices will receive cold patch associated with Windows quality updates.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) Set of scope tag IDs for this Settings Catalog template profile.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) Timestamp of when the profile was created. The value cannot be modified and is automatically populated when the profile is created.
- `id` (String) The Intune quality update policy id.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) Timestamp of when the profile was modified. The value cannot be modified and is automatically populated when the profile is modified.

<a id="nestedblock--assignment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignment`

Required:

- `group_ids` (Set of String) Set of Microsoft Entra ID group IDs to apply for this assignment.
- `target` (String) Specifies whether the assignment is 'include' or 'exclude'.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# {resource_id}
terraform import microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_windows_quality_update_policy.example windows-update-policy-id
```