---
page_title: "Resource: microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_browser_site"
description: |-
    Manages a browser site in Microsoft Intune.
---

# Resource: microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_browser_site

Manages a browser site in Microsoft Intune.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `allow_redirect` (Boolean) Controls the behavior of redirected sites. If `true`, indicates that the site will open in Internet Explorer 11 or Microsoft Edge even if the site is navigated to as part of a HTTP or meta refresh redirection chain.
- `browser_site_list_assignment_id` (String) The browser site list id to assign this browser site to.
- `compatibility_mode` (String) Controls what compatibility setting is used for specific sites or domains.
- `merge_type` (String) The merge type of the site.
- `target_environment` (String) The target environment that the site should open in.
- `web_url` (String) The URL of the site.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) The comment for the site.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time when the site was created.
- `deleted_date_time` (String) The date and time when the site was deleted.
- `history` (Attributes List) The history of modifications applied to the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--history))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the site.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date and time when the site was last modified.
- `status` (String) Indicates the status of the site.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `history`

Read-Only:

- `allow_redirect` (Boolean) Controls the behavior of redirected sites for this history entry.
- `comment` (String) The comment for this history entry.
- `compatibility_mode` (String) The compatibility mode for this history entry.
- `merge_type` (String) The merge type for this history entry.
- `published_date_time` (String) The date and time when this history entry was published.
- `target_environment` (String) The target environment for this history entry.


