---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_identity_and_access_authentication_strength Resource - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Microsoft 365 Authentication Strength Policies using the /identity/conditionalAccess/authenticationStrength/policies endpoint. Authentication Strength Policies define authentication method combinations that can be used in Conditional Access policies. Learn more here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/authentication/concept-authentication-strength-advanced-options
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_identity_and_access_authentication_strength (Resource)

Manages Microsoft 365 Authentication Strength Policies using the `/identity/conditionalAccess/authenticationStrength/policies` endpoint. Authentication Strength Policies define authentication method combinations that can be used in Conditional Access policies. Learn more here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/authentication/concept-authentication-strength-advanced-options



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `allowed_combinations` (Set of String) he authentication method combinations allowed by this authentication strength policy. The possible values of this are: password, voice, hardwareOath, softwareOath, sms, fido2, windowsHelloForBusiness, microsoftAuthenticatorPush, deviceBasedPush, temporaryAccessPassOneTime, temporaryAccessPassMultiUse, email, x509CertificateSingleFactor, x509CertificateMultiFactor, federatedSingleFactor, federatedMultiFactor, unknownFutureValue, qrCodePin.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the authentication strength policy.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the authentication strength policy.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The creation date and time of the authentication strength policy.
- `id` (String) String (identifier)
- `modified_date_time` (String) The last modified date and time of the authentication strength policy.
- `policy_type` (String) Indicates whether this is a Microsoft-managed or customer-created policy.
- `requirements_satisfied` (String) Describes the type of authentication method target that this authentication strength satisfies.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
