---
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_identity_and_access_authentication_context Resource - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: "Identity and Access"
description: |-
  Manages Microsoft 365 Authentication Context Class References using the /identity/conditionalAccess/authenticationContextClassReferences endpoint. Authentication context is used to trigger step-up authentication in scenarios and applications. It allows you to require additional verification when users access sensitive resources or perform sensitive actions.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_identity_and_access_authentication_context (Resource)

Manages Microsoft 365 Authentication Context Class References using the `/identity/conditionalAccess/authenticationContextClassReferences` endpoint. Authentication context is used to trigger step-up authentication in scenarios and applications. It allows you to require additional verification when users access sensitive resources or perform sensitive actions.

## Microsoft Documentation

- [authenticationContextClassReference resource type](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authenticationcontextclassreference?view=graph-rest-beta)
- [Create authenticationContextClassReference](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/conditionalaccessroot-post-authenticationcontextclassreferences?view=graph-rest-beta&tabs=http)
- [Update authenticationContextClassReference](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/authenticationcontextclassreference-update?view=graph-rest-beta&tabs=http)
- [Delete authenticationContextClassReference](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/authenticationcontextclassreference-delete?view=graph-rest-beta)

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.

### Microsoft Graph

- **Application**: `AuthenticationContext.ReadWrite.All`, `Policy.ReadWrite.ConditionalAccess`

## Version History

| Version | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|-------|
| v0.31.0-alpha | Experimental | Initial release |

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "microsoft365_graph_beta_identity_and_access_authentication_context" "example" {
  id           = "c8"
  display_name = "Example Authentication Context"
  description  = "Example authentication context"
  is_available = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) A friendly name that identifies the authentication context class reference. This value should be used to identify the authentication context class reference when building user-facing admin experiences. For example, a selection UX.
- `id` (String) Identifier used to reference authentication context class. Supported values are `c8` through `c99`. This value is used to trigger step-up authentication and will be issued in the `acrs` claim of the access token.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A short explanation of the policies that are enforced by authenticationContextClassReference. This value should be used to provide secondary text to describe the authentication context class reference when building user-facing admin experiences. For example, a selection UX.
- `is_available` (Boolean) Indicates whether the authentication context class reference is available for use by apps. The default value is `false`. When `isAvailable` is set to `false`, the authentication context class reference is not shown in the authentication context UX elements and may not be used by applications.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Important Notes
Conditional Access authentication context (auth context) allows you to apply granular policies to sensitive data and actions instead of just at the app level.
## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
#!/bin/bash
# Import using composite ID format: {id}
# note the id for this resource is formatted as c{number} between 8 and 99
terraform import microsoft365_graph_beta_identity_and_access_authentication_context.example c8
``` 