---
page_title: "Resource: microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_assignment_filter"
description: |-
    Manages Assignment Filters in Microsoft Intune.
---

# Resource: microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_assignment_filter

Manages Assignment Filters in Microsoft Intune.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the assignment filter.
- `platform` (String) The Intune device management type (platform) for the assignment filter. Must be one of the following values: android, androidForWork, iOS, macOS, windowsPhone81, windows81AndLater, windows10AndLater, androidWorkProfile, unknown, androidAOSP, androidMobileApplicationManagement, iOSMobileApplicationManagement, windowsMobileApplicationManagement. This specifies the OS platform type for which the assignment filter will be applied.
- `rule` (String) Rule definition of the assignment filter.

### Optional

- `assignment_filter_management_type` (String) Indicates filter is applied to either 'devices' or 'apps' management type. Possible values are: devices, apps, unknownFutureValue. Default filter will be applied to 'devices'.
- `description` (String) The optional description of the assignment filter.
- `role_scope_tags` (List of String) Indicates role scope tags assigned for the assignment filter.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The creation time of the assignment filter.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the assignment filter.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) Last modified time of the assignment filter.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


