---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_role_definition Resource - microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource role_definition manages a Role Definition in Microsoft 365
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_role_definition (Resource)

The resource `role_definition` manages a Role Definition in Microsoft 365



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Display Name of the Role definition.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the Role definition.
- `is_built_in` (Boolean) Type of Role. Set to True if it is built-in, or set to False if it is a custom role definition.
- `is_built_in_role_definition` (Boolean) Type of Role. Set to True if it is built-in, or set to False if it is a custom role definition.
- `role_permissions` (Block List) List of Role Permissions this role is allowed to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--role_permissions))
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (List of String) List of scope tag ids for the role definition
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Key of the entity. This is read-only and automatically generated.

<a id="nestedblock--role_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_permissions`

Optional:

- `actions` (List of String) Allowed actions
- `resource_actions` (Block List) Resource actions for this role permission (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--role_permissions--resource_actions))

<a id="nestedblock--role_permissions--resource_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_permissions.resource_actions`

Optional:

- `allowed_resource_actions` (List of String) Allowed Resource Actions
- `not_allowed_resource_actions` (List of String) Not Allowed Resource Actions



<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
