---
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_management_windows_quality_update_expedite_policy Resource - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: "Device Management"

description: |-
  Manages a Windows Quality Update Profile (expedite policy) in Microsoft Intune. This correlates to the gui location: Devices -> Manage Updates -> Windows Updates -> Quality Updates.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_management_windows_quality_update_expedite_policy (Resource)

Manages a Windows Quality Update Profile (expedite policy) in Microsoft Intune. This correlates to the gui location: Devices -> Manage Updates -> Windows Updates -> Quality Updates.

## Microsoft Documentation

- [expediteWindowsQualityUpdateSettings resource type](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-softwareupdate-expeditewindowsqualityupdatesettings?view=graph-rest-beta)
- [Create expediteWindowsQualityUpdateSettings](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/intune-softwareupdate-expeditewindowsqualityupdatesettings-create?view=graph-rest-beta)

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.

### Microsoft Graph

- **Application**: `DeviceManagementConfiguration.ReadWrite.All`

## Version History

| Version | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|-------|
| v0.14.1-alpha | Experimental | Initial release |

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_management_windows_quality_update_expedite_policy" "example" {
  display_name       = "Windows Quality Update expedite policy"
  description        = "Emergency fixes"
  role_scope_tag_ids = ["9", "8"]

  expedited_update_settings = {
    quality_update_release   = "2025-04-22T00:00:00Z"
    days_until_forced_reboot = 1
  }

  // Optional assignment blocks
  assignment {
    target = "include"
    group_ids = [
      "11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555",
      "11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555"
    ]
  }

  assignment {
    target = "exclude"
    group_ids = [
      "11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555",
      "11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555"
    ]
  }

  timeouts = {
    create = "30m"
    read   = "10m"
    update = "30m"
    delete = "10m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name for the Windows Quality Update Profile (expedite policy).

### Optional

- `assignment` (Block List) Assignments for Windows Quality Update policies, specifying groups to include or exclude. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assignment))
- `description` (String) The description of the profile which is specified by the user.
- `expedited_update_settings` (Attributes) Expedited Quality update settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--expedited_update_settings))
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) Set of scope tag IDs for this Settings Catalog template profile.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The date time that the profile was created.
- `deployable_content_display_name` (String) Friendly display name of the quality update profile deployable content
- `id` (String) The Intune Windows Quality Update Profile (expedite policy) profile id.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date time that the profile was last modified.
- `release_date_display_name` (String) Friendly release date to display for a Quality Update release

<a id="nestedblock--assignment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignment`

Required:

- `group_ids` (Set of String) Set of Microsoft Entra ID group IDs to apply for this assignment.
- `target` (String) Specifies whether the assignment is 'include' or 'exclude'.


<a id="nestedatt--expedited_update_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `expedited_update_settings`

Optional:

- `days_until_forced_reboot` (Number) Number of days to wait before restart is enforced. Valid values are: 0, 1, and 2.
- `quality_update_release` (String) Expedite installation of quality updates if device OS version less than the quality update release identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# {resource_id}
terraform import microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_windows_quality_update_expedite_policy.example windows-update-expedite-policy-id
```