---
page_title: "Resource: microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_device_management_script"
description: |-
    The resource device_management_script manages a device management script
---

# Resource: microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_device_management_script

The resource `device_management_script` manages a device management script



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Name of the device management script.
- `file_name` (String) Script file name.
- `run_as_account` (String) Indicates the type of execution context. Possible values are: `system`, `user`.
- `script_content` (String, Sensitive) The script content.

### Optional

- `assignments` (Attributes List) The assignments of the device management script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `description` (String) Optional description for the device management script.
- `enforce_signature_check` (Boolean) Indicate whether the script signature needs be checked.
- `group_assignments` (Attributes List) The group assignments of the device management script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_assignments))
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (List of String) List of Scope Tag IDs for this PowerShellScript instance.
- `run_as_32_bit` (Boolean) A value indicating whether the PowerShell script should run as 32-bit.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time the device management script was created. This property is read-only.
- `id` (String) Unique Identifier for the device management script.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date and time the device management script was last modified. This property is read-only.

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Required:

- `target` (Attributes) The target of the assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Key of the device management script assignment entity. This property is read-only.

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Required:

- `target_type` (String) The target type of the assignment.

Optional:

- `device_and_app_management_assignment_filter_id` (String) The Id of the filter for the target assignment.
- `device_and_app_management_assignment_filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. Possible values are: `none`, `include`, `exclude`.
- `entra_object_id` (String) The ID of the Azure Active Directory object.



<a id="nestedatt--group_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_assignments`

Required:

- `target_group_id` (String) The Id of the Azure Active Directory group we are targeting the script to.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Key of the device management script group assignment entity. This property is read-only.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


