---
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_macos_platform_script Resource - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: "Intune: Device Platform Script"
description: |-
  Manages an Intune macOS platform script using the 'deviceShellScripts' Graph Beta API.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_macos_platform_script (Resource)

Manages an Intune macOS platform script using the 'deviceShellScripts' Graph Beta API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Example: Device Shell Script Resource

resource "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_macos_platform_script" "example" {
  # Required fields
  display_name = "MacOS Shell Script"
  description  = "Example shell script for MacOS devices"
  
  script_content = <<EOT
    #!/bin/bash
    echo "Hello World"
  EOT
  
  run_as_account = "system"  # Possible values: "system" or "user"
  file_name      = "example_script.sh"
  
  # Optional fields
  block_execution_notifications = false
  execution_frequency          = "P1D"  # ISO 8601 duration format (e.g., P1D for 1 day, PT1H for 1 hour)
  retry_count                  = 3
  
  # Role scope tag IDs (optional)
  role_scope_tag_ids = ["0"]
  
  # Script assignments (optional)
  assignments = {
    all_devices = false
    all_users   = false

    include_group_ids = [
      "51a96cdd-4b9b-4849-b416-8c94a6d88797",
      "b15228f4-9d49-41ed-9b4f-0e7c721fd9c2"
    ]

    exclude_group_ids = [
      "b8c661c2-fa9a-4351-af86-adc1729c343f",
      "f6ebd6ff-501e-4b3d-a00b-a2e102c3fa0f"
    ]
  }

  # Timeouts configuration (optional)
  timeouts = {
    create = "30m"
    read   = "10m"
    update = "30m"
    delete = "30m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Name of the device management script.
- `file_name` (String) Script file name.
- `run_as_account` (String) Indicates the type of execution context. Possible values are: `system`, `user`.
- `script_content` (String, Sensitive) The script content.

### Optional

- `assignments` (Attributes) The assignment configuration for this Windows Settings Catalog profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `block_execution_notifications` (Boolean) Does not notify the user a script is being executed.
- `description` (String) Optional description for the device management script.
- `execution_frequency` (String) The interval for script to run in ISO 8601 duration format (e.g., PT1H for 1 hour, P1D for 1 day). If not defined the script will run once.
- `retry_count` (Number) Number of times for the script to be retried if it fails.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (List of String) List of Scope Tag IDs for this PowerShellScript instance.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time the device management script was created. This property is read-only.
- `id` (String) Unique Identifier for the device management script.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date and time the device management script was last modified. This property is read-only.

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Optional:

- `all_devices` (Boolean) Specifies whether this assignment applies to all devices. When set to `true`, the assignment targets all devices in the organization.Can be used in conjuction with `all_users`.Can be used as an alternative to `include_groups`.Can be used in conjuction with `all_users` and `exclude_group_ids`.
- `all_users` (Boolean) Specifies whether this assignment applies to all users. When set to `true`, the assignment targets all licensed users within the organization.Can be used in conjuction with `all_devices`.Can be used as an alternative to `include_groups`.Can be used in conjuction with `all_devices` and `exclude_group_ids`.
- `exclude_group_ids` (Set of String) A set of group IDs to exclude from the assignment. These groups will not receive the assignment, even if they match other inclusion criteria.
- `include_group_ids` (Set of String) A set of entra id group Id's to include in the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Using the provider-default project ID, the import ID is:
# {resource_id}
terraform terraform import microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_device_shell_script.example device-shell-script-id
```

