---
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_application_category Resource - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: "Intune"
description: |-
  Manage Intune mobile app categories. Mobile app categories are used to organize apps in the Intune Company Portal.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_application_category (Resource)

Manage Intune mobile app categories. Mobile app categories are used to organize apps in the Intune Company Portal.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_application_category" "example" {
  display_name = "Business Apps"

  timeouts = {
    create = "10s"
    read   = "10s"
    update = "10s"
    delete = "10s"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The name of the Intune application category

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for this Intune application category
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date and time when the Intune application category was last modified. This property is read-only.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# {resource_id}
terraform import microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_application_category.example application-category-id
```

