---
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_ios_store_app Resource - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: "Device and App Management"

description: |-
  Manages iOS Store apps in Microsoft Intune using the /deviceAppManagement/mobileApps endpoint. iOS Store apps are applications from the Apple App Store that can be managed through Intune.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_ios_store_app (Resource)

Manages iOS Store apps in Microsoft Intune using the `/deviceAppManagement/mobileApps` endpoint. iOS Store apps are applications from the Apple App Store that can be managed through Intune.

## Microsoft Documentation

- [iosStoreApp resource type](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-apps-iosstoreapp?view=graph-rest-beta)
- [Create iosStoreApp](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/intune-apps-iosstoreapp-create?view=graph-rest-beta)

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.

### Microsoft Graph

- **Read**: `DeviceManagementApps.Read.All`
- **Write**: `DeviceManagementApps.ReadWrite.All`

## Version History

| Version | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|-------|
| v0.21.0-alpha | Experimental | Initial release |

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "microsoft365_utility_itunes_app_metadata" "edge" {
  search_term  = "microsoft edge"
  country_code = "us"
}

resource "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_ios_store_app" "example" {
  display_name  = data.microsoft365_utility_itunes_app_metadata.edge.results[0].track_name
  description   = data.microsoft365_utility_itunes_app_metadata.edge.results[0].description
  publisher     = data.microsoft365_utility_itunes_app_metadata.edge.results[0].seller_name
  app_store_url = data.microsoft365_utility_itunes_app_metadata.edge.results[0].artist_view_url

  applicable_device_type = {
    ipad            = true
    iphone_and_ipod = true
  }

  minimum_supported_operating_system = {
    v14_0 = true
  }

  # Optional fields
  information_url         = "https://example.com/app-info"
  privacy_information_url = "https://example.com/privacy"
  owner                   = "IT Department"
  developer               = data.microsoft365_utility_itunes_app_metadata.edge.results[0].artist_name
  notes                   = "Managed by Terraform - Version: ${data.microsoft365_utility_itunes_app_metadata.edge.results[0].version}"
  is_featured             = false
  role_scope_tag_ids      = ["0"]

  # App icon (optional)
  app_icon = {
    icon_url_source = data.microsoft365_utility_itunes_app_metadata.edge.results[0].artwork_url_512
  }

  # Categories (optional)
  categories = ["Productivity", "Business"]

  timeouts = {
    create = "30m"
    read   = "10m"
    update = "30m"
    delete = "10m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_store_url` (String) The Apple AppStoreUrl.
- `applicable_device_type` (Attributes) The iOS architecture for which this app can run on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applicable_device_type))
- `description` (String) The description of the app.
- `display_name` (String) The admin provided or imported title of the app.
- `minimum_supported_operating_system` (Attributes) The value for the minimum supported operating system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--minimum_supported_operating_system))
- `publisher` (String) The publisher of the app.

### Optional

- `app_icon` (Attributes) The source information for the app icon. Supports various image formats (JPEG, PNG, GIF, etc.) which will be automatically converted to PNG as required by Microsoft Intune. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_icon))
- `categories` (Set of String) The list of categories for this app. You can use either the predefined Intune category names like 'Business', 'Productivity', etc., or provide specific category UUIDs.
- `developer` (String) The developer of the app.
- `information_url` (String) The more information Url.
- `is_featured` (Boolean) The value indicating whether the app is marked as featured by the admin.
- `notes` (String) Notes for the app.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the app.
- `privacy_information_url` (String) The privacy statement Url.
- `relationships` (Attributes List) The set of direct relationships for this app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--relationships))
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of scope tag ids for this mobile app.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time the app was created. This property is read-only.
- `dependent_app_count` (Number) The total number of dependencies the child app has. This property is read-only.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the iOS Store app.
- `is_assigned` (Boolean) The value indicating whether the app is assigned to at least one group. This property is read-only.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date and time the app was last modified. This property is read-only.
- `publishing_state` (String) The publishing state for the app. The app cannot be assigned unless the app is published. Possible values are: notPublished, processing, published.
- `superseded_app_count` (Number) The total number of apps this app is directly or indirectly superseded by. This property is read-only.
- `superseding_app_count` (Number) The total number of apps this app directly or indirectly supersedes. This property is read-only.
- `upload_state` (Number) The upload state. Possible values are: 0 - Not Ready, 1 - Ready, 2 - Processing. This property is read-only.

<a id="nestedatt--applicable_device_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applicable_device_type`

Required:

- `ipad` (Boolean) Whether the app should run on iPads.
- `iphone_and_ipod` (Boolean) Whether the app should run on iPhones and iPods.


<a id="nestedatt--minimum_supported_operating_system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `minimum_supported_operating_system`

Optional:

- `v10_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 10.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 10.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.
- `v11_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 11.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 11.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.
- `v12_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 12.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 12.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.
- `v13_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 13.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 13.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.
- `v14_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 14.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 14.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.
- `v15_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 15.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 15.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.
- `v16_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 16.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 16.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.
- `v17_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 17.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 17.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.
- `v18_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 18.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 18.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.
- `v8_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 8.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 8.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.
- `v9_0` (Boolean) Indicates the minimum iOS version support required for the managed device.When 'True', iOS with OS Version 9.0 or later is required to install the app. If 'False', iOS Version 9.0 is not the minimum version. Default value is False.Exactly one of the minimum operating system boolean values will be TRUE.


<a id="nestedatt--app_icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_icon`

Optional:

- `icon_file_path_source` (String) The file path to the icon file to be uploaded. Supports various image formats which will be automatically converted to PNG.
- `icon_url_source` (String) The web location of the icon file, can be a http(s) URL. Supports various image formats which will be automatically converted to PNG.


<a id="nestedatt--relationships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationships`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the relationship.
- `source_display_name` (String) The display name of the source application in the relationship.
- `source_display_version` (String) The display version of the source application in the relationship.
- `source_id` (String) The unique identifier of the source application in the relationship.
- `source_publisher_display_name` (String) The display name of the source application's publisher in the relationship.
- `target_display_name` (String) The display name of the target application in the relationship.
- `target_display_version` (String) The display version of the target application in the relationship.
- `target_id` (String) The unique identifier of the target application in the relationship.
- `target_publisher` (String) The publisher of the target application in the relationship.
- `target_publisher_display_name` (String) The display name of the target application's publisher in the relationship.
- `target_type` (String) The type of the target in the relationship.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
#!/bin/bash

# {resource_id}
terraform import microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_ios_store_app.example 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
``` 