---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_role_definition_assignment Resource - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource graph_beta_device_and_app_management_role_definition_assignment manages a Role Assignment in Microsoft 365
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_role_definition_assignment (Resource)

The resource `graph_beta_device_and_app_management_role_definition_assignment` manages a Role Assignment in Microsoft 365



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display or friendly name of the role assignment.
- `scope_type` (String) Administrators in this role assignment can target policies, applications and remote tasks to a scope type of:'allDevices', 'allLicensedUsers', 'allDevicesAndLicensedUsers' and 'resourceScope'. If the scope intent is for a Entra ID group then leave this empty. Possible values are: `allDevices`, `allLicensedUsers`, `allDevicesAndLicensedUsers`, `resourceScope`.

### Optional

- `built_in_role_name` (String) The name of the built-in role to assign. Either this or `role_definition_id` must be specified.
- `description` (String) Description of the role assignment.
- `resource_scopes` (Set of String) Administrators in this role assignment can target policies, applications and remote tasks. List of IDs of role scope member security groups from Entra ID.
- `role_definition_id` (String) The ID of the role definition to assign. Either this or `built_in_role_name` must be specified.
- `scope_members` (Set of String) Group IDs that are assigned as members of this role scope. Also known as admin_group_users_group_ids in the API.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Key of the Role Assignment. This is read-only and automatically generated.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
