---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_device_management_app_control_for_business_managed_installer Resource - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the Intune Management Extension as a Managed Installer for App Control for Business. This resource configures whether the Intune Management Extension should be trusted as a managed installer, allowing it to install applications that would otherwise be blocked by App Control for Business policies.
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_device_management_app_control_for_business_managed_installer (Resource)

Manages the Intune Management Extension as a Managed Installer for App Control for Business. This resource configures whether the Intune Management Extension should be trusted as a managed installer, allowing it to install applications that would otherwise be blocked by App Control for Business policies.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `intune_management_extension_as_managed_installer` (String) Valid values are 'Enabled' or 'Disabled'. 'Enabled' will grant Microsoft permission to configure Intune Management Extension as a managed installer (an authourized source for application deployment) on applicable devices. 'Disabled' will pause any scheduled policy to set the Intune Management Extension as a managed installer on applicable devices. Existing policies already deployed to devices will not be changed when configuring to 'Disabled'. If removal of existing policies is required, a cleanup script may be used. Learn more about how Intune sets the managed installer at 'https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/intune-service/protect/endpoint-security-app-control-policy'.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `available_version` (String) The available version of the Windows Management App.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the Windows Management App
- `managed_installer_configured_date_time` (String) The date and time when the managed installer was last configured.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
