---
page_title: "Resource: microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_browser_site_list"
description: |-
    Manages a browser site list in Microsoft Intune.
---

# Resource: microsoft365_graph_beta_device_and_app_management_browser_site_list

Manages a browser site list in Microsoft Intune.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The name of the site list.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the site list.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the site list.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date and time when the site list was last modified.
- `published_date_time` (String) The date and time when the site list was published.
- `revision` (String) The current revision of the site list.
- `status` (String) The current status of the site list.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


