---
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_beta_windows_365_user_setting Resource - terraform-provider-microsoft365"
subcategory: "Windows 365"

description: |-
    
---

# microsoft365_graph_beta_windows_365_user_setting (Resource)



## Microsoft Documentation

- [cloudPcUserSetting resource type (beta)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcusersetting?view=graph-rest-beta)
- [Create cloudPcUserSetting (beta)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/virtualendpoint-post-usersettings?view=graph-rest-beta)

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.

### Microsoft Graph

- **Application**: `CloudPC.ReadWrite.All`

## Version History

| Version | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|-------|
| v0.19.0-alpha | Experimental | Initial release |

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "microsoft365_graph_beta_windows_365_user_setting" "example" {
  display_name         = "Example Cloud PC User Setting"
  local_admin_enabled  = true
  reset_enabled        = true
  self_service_enabled = false

  restore_point_setting = {
    frequency_in_hours   = 12
    frequency_type       = "default"
    user_restore_enabled = true
  }

  cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting = {
    maintain_cross_region_restore_point_enabled = true
    user_initiated_disaster_recovery_allowed    = false
    disaster_recovery_type                      = "premium"
    disaster_recovery_network_setting = {
      network_type = "microsoftHosted"
    }
  }

  notification_setting = {
    restart_prompts_disabled = false
  }

  assignments = [
    {
      group_id = "af5dbc68-0ee3-485c-b85c-e27bbfff44c2" # Replace with a real group ID
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The setting name displayed in the user interface.

### Optional

- `assignments` (Attributes List) Assignments of the Cloud PC user setting to groups. Only Microsoft 365 groups and security groups in Microsoft Entra ID are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting` (Attributes) Defines whether the user's Cloud PC enables cross-region disaster recovery and specifies the network for the disaster recovery. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting))
- `local_admin_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the local admin option is enabled. Default value is false. To enable the local admin option, change the setting to true. If the local admin option is enabled, the end user can be an admin of the Cloud PC device.
- `notification_setting` (Attributes) Defines the setting of the Cloud PC notification prompts for the Cloud PC user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_setting))
- `reset_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether an end user is allowed to reset their Cloud PC. When true, the user is allowed to reset their Cloud PC. When false, end-user initiated reset isn't allowed. The default value is false.
- `restore_point_setting` (Attributes) Defines how frequently a restore point is created that is, a snapshot is taken) for users' provisioned Cloud PCs (default is 12 hours), and whether the user is allowed to restore their own Cloud PCs to a backup made at a specific point in time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restore_point_setting))
- `self_service_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the self-service option is enabled. Default value is false. To enable the self-service option, change the setting to true. If the self-service option is enabled, the end user is allowed to perform some self-service operations, such as upgrading the Cloud PC through the end user portal. The **selfServiceEnabled** property is deprecated and will stop returning data on December 1, 2023.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time the setting was created. The timestamp type represents the date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 looks like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Cloud PC user setting. Read-only.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The last date and time the setting was modified. The timestamp type represents the date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 looks like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'.

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The ID of the Microsoft 365 group or security group in Microsoft Entra ID to assign the setting to.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the assignment. This is auto-generated and should not be specified.


<a id="nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting`

Optional:

- `disaster_recovery_network_setting` (Attributes) Indicates the network settings of the Cloud PC during a cross-region disaster recovery operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting--disaster_recovery_network_setting))
- `disaster_recovery_type` (String) Indicates the type of disaster recovery to perform when a disaster occurs on the user's Cloud PC.The possible values are: notConfigured, crossRegion, premium, unknownFutureValue. The default value is notConfigured.
- `maintain_cross_region_restore_point_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether Windows 365 maintain the cross-region disaster recovery function generated restore points.If true, the Windows 365 stored restore points; false indicates that Windows 365 doesn't generate or keep the restore point from the original Cloud PC. If a disaster occurs, the new Cloud PC can only be provisioned using the initial image.This limitation can result in the loss of some user data on the original Cloud PC. The default value is false.
- `user_initiated_disaster_recovery_allowed` (Boolean) Indicates whether the client allows the end user to initiate a disaster recovery activation.True indicates that the client includes the option for the end user to activate Backup Cloud PC. When false, the enduser doesn't have the option to activate disaster recovery. The default value is false. Currently, only premium disaster recovery is supported.

<a id="nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting--disaster_recovery_network_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting.disaster_recovery_network_setting`

Optional:

- `network_type` (String) The type of network for disaster recovery.
- `region_group` (String) The region group for the disaster recovery network. Default is 'usWest'.
- `region_name` (String) The region name for the disaster recovery network. Default is 'automatic'.



<a id="nestedatt--notification_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_setting`

Optional:

- `restart_prompts_disabled` (Boolean) If true, doesn't prompt the user to restart the Cloud PC. If false, prompts the user to restart Cloud PC. The default value is false.


<a id="nestedatt--restore_point_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restore_point_setting`

Optional:

- `frequency_in_hours` (Number) The frequency in hours at which restore points are created.
- `frequency_type` (String) The time interval in hours to take snapshots (restore points) of a Cloud PC automatically. Possible values are: default, fourHours, sixHours, twelveHours, sixteenHours, twentyFourHours, unknownFutureValue. The default value is default that indicates that the time interval for automatic capturing of restore point snapshots is set to 12 hours.
- `user_restore_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is allowed to restore their own Cloud PCs.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Important Notes

- **Windows 365 Cloud PC User Settings**: This resource defines user settings for Windows 365 Cloud PCs, such as local admin, reset, self-service, restore points, disaster recovery, and notification preferences.
- **Assignments**: User settings can be assigned to Microsoft 365 or Entra ID (Azure AD) groups.
- **Restore Point Settings**: Configure how often restore points are created and whether users can restore their own Cloud PCs.
- **Disaster Recovery**: Supports cross-region disaster recovery and network configuration.
- **Notifications**: Control whether users receive restart prompts.
- **API Version**: This resource uses the Microsoft Graph Beta API and may be subject to change.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
#!/bin/bash

# {user_id}
terraform import microsoft365_graph_beta_windows_365_user_setting.example 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
``` 