---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365_graph_v1_device_and_app_management_ios_mobile_app_configuration Resource - microsoft365"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages iOS mobile app configuration policies in Microsoft Intune. These policies allow you to configure app-specific settings for managed iOS applications.
---

# microsoft365_graph_v1_device_and_app_management_ios_mobile_app_configuration (Resource)

Manages iOS mobile app configuration policies in Microsoft Intune. These policies allow you to configure app-specific settings for managed iOS applications.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the iOS mobile app configuration.

### Optional

- `assignments` (Block List) The list of assignments for this iOS mobile app configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assignments))
- `description` (String) The description of the iOS mobile app configuration.
- `encoded_setting_xml` (String, Sensitive) Base64 encoded configuration XML.
- `settings` (Block List) iOS app configuration settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings))
- `targeted_mobile_apps` (List of String) The list of targeted mobile app IDs.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) DateTime the object was created. Read-only.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the iOS mobile app configuration. Read-only.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) DateTime the object was last modified. Read-only.
- `version` (Number) Version of the device configuration. Read-only.

<a id="nestedblock--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Optional:

- `target` (Block, Optional) Target for the assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assignments--target))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Key of the entity. Read-only.

<a id="nestedblock--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Required:

- `odata_type` (String) The type of assignment target. Possible values are: #microsoft.graph.allLicensedUsersAssignmentTarget, #microsoft.graph.allDevicesAssignmentTarget, #microsoft.graph.exclusionGroupAssignmentTarget, #microsoft.graph.groupAssignmentTarget.

Optional:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment. Required when odata_type is groupAssignmentTarget or exclusionGroupAssignmentTarget.



<a id="nestedblock--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Required:

- `app_config_key` (String) The application configuration key.
- `app_config_key_type` (String) The application configuration key type. Possible values are: stringType, integerType, realType, booleanType, tokenType.
- `app_config_key_value` (String) The application configuration key value.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
